Add contribution guidelines (#26)
RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Welcome!

We are happy that you are considering to contribute to the researchsoftware.org website!
Please read these guidelines carefully to learn about how to contribute.

# How to submit contributions

Please submit your contribution via a Pull Request (PR).

> You can learn how to create a Pull Reuest in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn how to create a Pull Request in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).
```

Once your Pull Request is ready, please request a review.
To do so, please simply add a comment to that effect to the Pull Request discussion.

We will try to review your PR in due time, but do not make any promises.
You can expect to receive comments about your contribution from the reviewer or reviewers.
These may simply accept your contribution and thank you for it, or they may ask you to make changes, or even suggest changes themselves.
Please feel free to ask any questions in PR comments during this process.

## Licenses

> All content contributions to this repository are accepted under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license](LICENSE). Note that by contributing you accept that your content contributions are published under this license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All content contributions to this repository are accepted under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Note that by contributing, you accept that your content contributions are published under this license.
```

Author: @danielskatz From a legal point of view I would think it makes more sense to link to the actual license text in this repository here? Would you prefer the link to the CC site for user-friendlier presentation, or analogy to the other license link, or something else?

Reviewer: Since you mention multiple licenses here, I was trying to link to the text of one of them to explain it, and I think the cc.org version is easier to read and use, but I'm not sure it matters.

Author: Yes, an explanation like to one on the CC site is probably easier to use. Fine by me to link to this then.

> "Insignificant" files such as configuration, template, theme-related, and meta files (such as this one) are licensed under [CC0-1.0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en). By making contributions to such files, you accept that your contribution is licensed under this license.

Author: Use full license name in text.

```suggestion
"Insignificant" files such as configuration, template, theme-related, and meta files (such as this one) are licensed under [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)
Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en). By making contributions to such files, you accept that your contribution is licensed under this license.
```

# How to report a bug or an issue

> Please create a new issue report in the issue tracker for this repository, and describe the issue you have found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please create a [new issue report](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues/new/choose) in the [issue tracker for this repository](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues), and describe the issue you have found.
```

Author: Thanks, I planned to add these links here, but then forgot.

We will try to answer your report in due time.

# How to request an improvement

> Please create a new issue report in the issue tracker for this repository, and describe the improvement you would like to see.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please create a [new issue report](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues/new/choose) in the [issue tracker for this repository](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues), and describe the improvement you would like to see.
```

Author: Dto.

We will try to answer your request in due time.
We may ask you for further details, and discuss the enhancement further.

# Code of Conduct

> You are required to adhere to our Code of Conduct during all parts of your interaction with this project.

Reviewer: add a link to the CoC, I think

Author: Yes, as soon as we have a decision about this. (#27)

Author: Done in https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/pull/26/commits/7c674a22c02b097b4e39dc54c2a0e5e5fd181c21.

# Welcome!

> We are happy that you are considering to contribute to the researchsoftware.org website!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy that you are considering contributing to the [researchsoftware.org](https://researchsoftware.org) website!
```

Please read these guidelines carefully to learn about how to contribute.

# How to submit contributions

Please submit your contribution via a Pull Request (PR).

> You can learn how to create a Pull Request in the [GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn how to create a Pull Request in [GitHub's documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).
```

Once your Pull Request is ready, please request a review.
To do so, please simply add a comment to that effect to the Pull Request discussion.

We will try to review your PR in due time, but do not make any promises.
You can expect to receive comments about your contribution from the reviewer or reviewers.
These may simply accept your contribution and thank you for it, or they may ask you to make changes, or even suggest changes themselves.
Please feel free to ask any questions in PR comments during this process.

## Licenses

All content contributions to this repository are accepted under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). Note that by contributing, you accept that your content contributions are published under this license.

"Insignificant" files such as configuration, template, theme-related, and meta files (such as this one) are licensed under [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0)
Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en). By making contributions to such files, you accept that your contribution is licensed under this license.

# How to report a bug or an issue

> Please create a [new issue report](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues/new/choose) in the [issue tracker for this repository](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues), and describe the issue you have found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please create a [new issue report](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues/new/choose) in the [issue tracker for this repository](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues), and describe the bug you have found or the issue that concerns you.
```

> We will try to answer your report in due time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will try to respond to your report in due time.
```

# How to request an improvement

Please create a [new issue report](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues/new/choose) in the [issue tracker for this repository](https://github.com/RSE-leaders/researchsoftware.org/issues), and describe the improvement you would like to see.
We will try to answer your request in due time.
We may ask you for further details, and discuss the enhancement further.

# Code of Conduct

You are required to adhere to our [Code of Conduct](https://researchsoftware.org/council/code-of-conduct.html) during all parts of your interaction with this project.

# Thank you, we'd like to recognize your contribution!

> We are grateful for your contribution, and would like to recognize this by adding you to a list of contributors in the [README file](README.md) for this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are grateful for all contributions, and would like to recognize this by adding those who make them to a list of contributors in the [README file](README.md) for this project.
```
